index.md, before:

# Akshay Rajhans
[home](index.html) \| [bio](bio.html) \| [publications](publications.html) \| [talks](talks.html) \| [service](service.html) \| [etc](etc.html)

<a><img src="files/pictures/AkshayPortrait.jpg" 
alt="Akshay Rajhans" width="240" border="10" /></a>

## Contact
Akshay Rajhans, Ph.D. <br/>
Principal Research Scientist <br/>
MathWorks <br/>

**Mail**: 1 Lakeside Campus Drive, Natick, MA 01760 <br/>
**Email**: arajhans (at) alumni (dot) cmu (dot) edu <br/>
**Office Phone**: (508)-647-8021

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/rajhans) \| [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajhans) \| [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=522zploAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao) \| [IEEE Author Profile](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/author/38232718800) \| [ACM Author Profile](https://dl.acm.org/profile/81421602783)

## Upcoming or Recent Past
- Paper accepted at [21st International Conference on Runtime Verification (RV) 2021](https://uva-mcps-lab.github.io/RV21/)
- Panelist, "[Control for Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation](https://sites.google.com/view/ieee-css-societal-challenges/panels/control-for-climate)," IEEE CSS Workshop on Control for Societal Challenges, June 2021.
- On the User Committee, [Dutch Research Councli (NWO)](https://www.nwo.nl/en), Domain Applied and Engineering Sciences, Veni grant titled "CODEC: Correct-by-design Estimation and Control of partially observable stochastic systems," [Sofie Haessaert](https://www.sofiehaesaert.com/), Principal Investigator.
- On the Industry Advisory Board of the [MIT Climate and Sustainability Consortium](https://impactclimate.mit.edu/mathworks/)
- Paper accepted at the [American Control Conference (ACC) 2021](https://acc2021.a2c2.org/)
- Invited speaker, [Workshop on Machine Learning in Control](https://www.es.aau.dk/sections-labs/Automation-and-Control/Project+sites/swift/leac/), co-located with [Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet-of-Things (CPS-IoT) Week](https://cps-iot-week2021.isis.vanderbilt.edu/), May 2021.
- Speaker, Independent Activities Period (IAP) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) on the topic of [Cyber-Physical Systems](https://www.mathworks.com/company/events/seminars/mit-iap-series-2020-3311753.html), January 2021.
- [Paper accepted](publications.html) at IEEE Control Systems Letters (L-CSS)
- On the Program Committe for [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim) 2021](https://scs.org/annsim/), a new conference that merges SpringSim and SummerSim conferences. 
- Paper co-authored with colleagues from GE Research wins the **Best in Session Award** as part of the **Architectural Considerations** session the [AIAA/IEEE Digital Avionics Systems Conference (DASC) 2020](https://2020.dasconline.org/)
- On the Program Committee for [International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS) 2021](https://iccps.acm.org/2021/), Nashville, USA.
- On the Program Committe for [Formal Methods (FM) 2021](http://www.fmeurope.org/symposia/).
- On the Program Committee for [Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Cyber-Physical Systems (MPM4CPS) 2020](https://msdl.uantwerpen.be/conferences/MPM4CPS/2020/)
- Paper co-authored with colleagues from GE Research to appear at the [AIAA/IEEE Digital Avionics Systems Conference (DASC) 2020](https://2020.dasconline.org/)
- **CPS Track Chair** for [Spring Simulation Conference (SpringSim) 2020](https://scs.org/springsim/). To be held ~~at George Mason University, Fairfax Campus, Virginia, USA,~~ ***virtually***, May 19-21, 2020. \[[program](https://scs.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Agenda-Spring-Virtualv6.pdf)\]
- Formal Methods World Congress Keynote Speakers interview is out: \[[video](https://youtu.be/BnANyL4H8i4)\]
- On the Program Committee of [CoSim-CPS 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/cosimcps20)
- Paper accepted at [SpringSim 2020](https://scs.org/springsim/)
- On the **[Technical Conferences Editorial Board](http://ieeecss.org/conferences/technology-conference-editorial-board-tceb)**, IEEE Control Systems Society, 2020-2023.
- Invited participant at Penn's [PRECISE Industry Day on Safe AI](https://precise-industry-day.seas.upenn.edu/2019/). 
- **Keynote**: "*[Challenges and opportunities in design and operation of intelligent cyber-physical systems](https://www.react.uni-saarland.de/rv2019/invitedspeakers.html),* 19th International Runtime Verification Conference, Part of [3rd World Congress on Formal Methods](http://formalmethods2019.inesctec.pt/?page_id=1044), Porto, Portugal, October 10, 2019. \[[Slides](files/slides/Rajhans_RV2019.pdf) \| [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDhFVASF9PU)\]
- Panelist on the topic of **"Future Challenges for Autonomous & Intelligent Transportation"**, [IEEE Situational Awareness For Emerging Network Enabled Transportation Systems (SAFENETS) Workshop](https://faculty.uml.edu/thanuka_wickramarathne/safenets_workshop/), October 2019.
- **Keynote**: "*[Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Design and Operation of Intelligent Cyber-Physical Systems](https://msdl.uantwerpen.be/conferences/MPM4CPS/2019/index.php/program/),*" International Workshop on Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Cyber-Physical Systems (MPM4CPS), co-located with the MODELS Conference, Munich, Germany, September 15, 2019. \[[Slides](files/slides/Rajhans_MPM4CPS2019.pdf)\]

Commit message:

Add news item about WSC panel and accompanying paper

index.md, after:

# Akshay Rajhans
[home](index.html) \| [bio](bio.html) \| [publications](publications.html) \| [talks](talks.html) \| [service](service.html) \| [etc](etc.html)

<a><img src="files/pictures/AkshayPortrait.jpg" 
alt="Akshay Rajhans" width="240" border="10" /></a>

## Contact
Akshay Rajhans, Ph.D. <br/>
Principal Research Scientist <br/>
MathWorks <br/>

**Mail**: 1 Lakeside Campus Drive, Natick, MA 01760 <br/>
**Email**: arajhans (at) alumni (dot) cmu (dot) edu <br/>
**Office Phone**: (508)-647-8021

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/rajhans) \| [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajhans) \| [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=522zploAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao) \| [IEEE Author Profile](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/author/38232718800) \| [ACM Author Profile](https://dl.acm.org/profile/81421602783)

## Upcoming or Recent Past
- Panelist on the topic of "Challenges in Satisfying the Need and Promotion of Modeling & Simulation Workforce" and accompanying paper at [Winter Simulation Conference (WSC) 2021](http://meetings.informs.org/wordpress/wsc2021/) 
- Paper accepted at [21st International Conference on Runtime Verification (RV) 2021](https://uva-mcps-lab.github.io/RV21/)
- Panelist, "[Control for Climate Change Mitigation and Adaptation](https://sites.google.com/view/ieee-css-societal-challenges/panels/control-for-climate)," IEEE CSS Workshop on Control for Societal Challenges, June 2021.
- On the User Committee, [Dutch Research Councli (NWO)](https://www.nwo.nl/en), Domain Applied and Engineering Sciences, Veni grant titled "CODEC: Correct-by-design Estimation and Control of partially observable stochastic systems," [Sofie Haessaert](https://www.sofiehaesaert.com/), Principal Investigator.
- On the Industry Advisory Board of the [MIT Climate and Sustainability Consortium](https://impactclimate.mit.edu/mathworks/)
- Paper accepted at the [American Control Conference (ACC) 2021](https://acc2021.a2c2.org/)
- Invited speaker, [Workshop on Machine Learning in Control](https://www.es.aau.dk/sections-labs/Automation-and-Control/Project+sites/swift/leac/), co-located with [Cyber-Physical Systems and Internet-of-Things (CPS-IoT) Week](https://cps-iot-week2021.isis.vanderbilt.edu/), May 2021.
- Speaker, Independent Activities Period (IAP) at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) on the topic of [Cyber-Physical Systems](https://www.mathworks.com/company/events/seminars/mit-iap-series-2020-3311753.html), January 2021.
- [Paper accepted](publications.html) at IEEE Control Systems Letters (L-CSS)
- On the Program Committe for [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim) 2021](https://scs.org/annsim/), a new conference that merges SpringSim and SummerSim conferences. 
- Paper co-authored with colleagues from GE Research wins the **Best in Session Award** as part of the **Architectural Considerations** session the [AIAA/IEEE Digital Avionics Systems Conference (DASC) 2020](https://2020.dasconline.org/)
- On the Program Committee for [International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS) 2021](https://iccps.acm.org/2021/), Nashville, USA.
- On the Program Committe for [Formal Methods (FM) 2021](http://www.fmeurope.org/symposia/).
- On the Program Committee for [Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Cyber-Physical Systems (MPM4CPS) 2020](https://msdl.uantwerpen.be/conferences/MPM4CPS/2020/)
- Paper co-authored with colleagues from GE Research to appear at the [AIAA/IEEE Digital Avionics Systems Conference (DASC) 2020](https://2020.dasconline.org/)
- **CPS Track Chair** for [Spring Simulation Conference (SpringSim) 2020](https://scs.org/springsim/). To be held ~~at George Mason University, Fairfax Campus, Virginia, USA,~~ ***virtually***, May 19-21, 2020. \[[program](https://scs.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/Agenda-Spring-Virtualv6.pdf)\]
- Formal Methods World Congress Keynote Speakers interview is out: \[[video](https://youtu.be/BnANyL4H8i4)\]
- On the Program Committee of [CoSim-CPS 2020](https://sites.google.com/view/cosimcps20)
- Paper accepted at [SpringSim 2020](https://scs.org/springsim/)
- On the **[Technical Conferences Editorial Board](http://ieeecss.org/conferences/technology-conference-editorial-board-tceb)**, IEEE Control Systems Society, 2020-2023.
- Invited participant at Penn's [PRECISE Industry Day on Safe AI](https://precise-industry-day.seas.upenn.edu/2019/). 
- **Keynote**: "*[Challenges and opportunities in design and operation of intelligent cyber-physical systems](https://www.react.uni-saarland.de/rv2019/invitedspeakers.html),* 19th International Runtime Verification Conference, Part of [3rd World Congress on Formal Methods](http://formalmethods2019.inesctec.pt/?page_id=1044), Porto, Portugal, October 10, 2019. \[[Slides](files/slides/Rajhans_RV2019.pdf) \| [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDhFVASF9PU)\]
- Panelist on the topic of **"Future Challenges for Autonomous & Intelligent Transportation"**, [IEEE Situational Awareness For Emerging Network Enabled Transportation Systems (SAFENETS) Workshop](https://faculty.uml.edu/thanuka_wickramarathne/safenets_workshop/), October 2019.
- **Keynote**: "*[Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Design and Operation of Intelligent Cyber-Physical Systems](https://msdl.uantwerpen.be/conferences/MPM4CPS/2019/index.php/program/),*" International Workshop on Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Cyber-Physical Systems (MPM4CPS), co-located with the MODELS Conference, Munich, Germany, September 15, 2019. \[[Slides](files/slides/Rajhans_MPM4CPS2019.pdf)\]
