service.md, before:

# Professional Service
[home](index.html) \| [bio](bio.html) \| [publications](publications.html) \| [talks](talks.html) \| [service](service.html) \| [etc](etc.html)

## Conference Program Committee (PC)
### Organizer 
  - [MathWorks Research Summit](https://www.mathworks.com/videos/series/mathworks-research-summit.html), Boston: 2017-, Tokyo: 2016-

### Currently or Recently on PC
  - [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim)](https://scs.org/annsim/), new conference that merges SpringSim and SummerSim conferences, 2021-
  - [Formal Methods (FM)](http://www.fmeurope.org/symposia/), 2021-
  - [Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Cyber-Physical Systems (MPM4CPS)](https://msdl.uantwerpen.be/conferences/MPM4CPS/2020/), 2020-
  - [Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control (HSCC)](http://www.hscc-conference.org/), 2016-2019, **_Awards Chair: 2018_**, **_Poster and Demo Chair: 2017_**, _Repeatability Evaluation Committee: 2014_
  - [International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS)](https://iccps.acm.org/), 2020-, 2015
  - IFAC Conference on Analysis and Design of Hybrid Systems (ADHS), 2015 -, **_Industry Vice Chair: 2018_**
  - [Winter Simulation Conference (WinterSim)](http://meetings2.informs.org/wordpress/wsc2019/), 2017- , **_CPS Track Chair: 2017_**
  - [International Conference on Informatics in Control Automation and Robotics (ICINCO)](http://www.icinco.org/), 2020, 2017-2018
  - Workshop on Monitoring and Testing of Cyber-Physical Systems (MT-CPS), 2019-, **_PC Chair: [2019](https://sites.google.com/berkeley.edu/mt-cps2019)_**
  - Workshop on Formal Co-Simulation of Cyber-Physical Systems (CoSim-CPS), 2017- 
  - Workshop on Numerical Software Verification Workshop (NSV), 2018-2019 

### Past
  - Workshop on [Computational Intelligence Techniques for Testing and Validating Complex CPSs (CITest_CPS 2017)](http://paris.utdallas.edu/CITest_CPS17)  
  
  - [Spring Simulation Conference (SpringSim)](http://scs.org/springsim/), 2014-2020, **_CPS Track Chair: 2020, 2019_**. See [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim)](https://scs.org/annsim/) starting 2021.
  - [Summer Simulation Conference (SummerSim)](http://www.scs.org/summersim), 2014-2020. See [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim)](https://scs.org/annsim/) starting 2021.
  
## PhD Thesis Committee
- *Yi Deng*, ECSE Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 
  - \[**Title**: *The Application of Trajectory-Based Analysis for Hybrid Systems.* \| **Advisor**: [Prof. A. Agung Julius](https://www.ecse.rpi.edu/homepages/agung/) \| [Thesis](http://digitool.rpi.edu:8881/R/Q7XRLHP737DNTBGS3YH8M9DPXMLHDTXV5QV63VM11NES8FQFQ2-01342?func=dbin-jump-full&object_id=176756&local_base=GEN01&pds_handle=GUEST)\]

## Industry Advisory Boards
- **User Committee Member**, [Dutch Research Councli (NWO)](https://www.nwo.nl/en), Domain Applied and Engineering Sciences, Veni grant titled "CODEC: Correct-by-design Estimation and Control of partially observable stochastic systems," [Sofie Haessert](https://www.sofiehaesaert.com/), Principal Investigator.
- **Industry Advisory Board Member**, [MIT Climate & Sustainability Consortium](https://impactclimate.mit.edu/mathworks/), January 2021 - 
- **Industry Advisory Committee Member**, Autonomous Systems Specialization Coursework in [Robotics Engineering](https://www.wpi.edu/academics/departments/robotics-engineering), [Worcester Polytechnic Institute](https://www.wpi.edu/).
- **Industry Vice Chair**, [IFAC Conference on Analysis and Design of Hybrid Systems (ADHS) 2018](http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/conferences/ADHS18/)
- **Industry Advisory Board Member**, [IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS) 2018](http://www.iscas2018.org/)

## Editorial 
- Technology Conferences Editorial Board (TCEB) Member, IEEE Control Systems Society, 2020-23 
- Editorial Advisory Board Member, [Resilience in Cyber-Physical Systems: From Risk Modelling to Threat Counteraction](https://www.springer.com/gp/book/9783319955964), F. Flammini (Ed.), Springer Book in the Series [Advanced Sciences and Technologies for Security Applications](https://www.springer.com/series/5540?detailsPage=titles), A. J. Masys (Series Ed.)
- Editor, [EGO Insider's Guide](http://www.ece.cmu.edu/~ego/files/insiders/guide2012.pdf), [ECE Graduate Organization (EGO)](https://www.ece.cmu.edu/~ego/), Carnegie Mellon University, 2010-2012.

## Technical and Professional Committees
- Selected on the [ACM Global Practitioner Advisory Community (ACM GPAC)](https://www.acm.org/education/gpac), consisting of 100 computing practitioners worldwide who will guide ACM in enhancing and developing practitioner-oriented resources.
- Member of the [IEEE Technical Committee on Homeland Security](http://www.ieeesmc.org/technical-activities/systems-science-and-engineering/homeland-security)

## Judge
- "*CPS V&V Grand Prix,*", Final Project Competition for the Course 15-424/15-624/15-824 Foundations of Cyber-Physical Systems, Carnegie Mellon University. **Host**: [Prof. Andre' Platzer](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/). 
  - \[[Competition](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps17-competition.html) \| [Course](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps17.html)\], May 2017
  - \[[Competition](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps16-competition.html) \| [Course](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps16.html)\], May 2016


## Teaching Assistantship
- 18-474: Embedded Control Systems, Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, Carnegie Mellon University 
  - \[Spring 2011 \| Spring 2010\]
- MATH 114: Calculus II, Mathematics Department, University of Pennsylvania
  - \[Spring 2008 \| Fall 2007\]
- ESE 210: Introduction to Dynamic Systems, Electrical and Systems Engineering Department, University of Pennsylvania, Spring 2007.
- ESE 301: Introduction to Probability, Electrical and Systems Engineering Department, University of Pennsylvania, Fall 2006.
- (Grader) OPIM 101: Introduction to Computer as an Analysis Tool, Operations and Information Management Department, (now called the Operations, Information and Decisions Department), Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, Spring 2006.

## Other Voluntary Instruction
- 2009: Volunteer Instructor, [Summer Engineering Experience for Girls (SEE)](https://www.cmu.edu/ices/outreach/see/), Carnegie Mellon University.
- 2002: Volunteer Instructor, Social Educational Activity by [IEEE Bombay Section](http://ieeebombay.org), **_Topic_**: *Mobile Communications*.

Commit message:

Add FORMATS AE Chair bit

service.md, after:

# Professional Service
[home](index.html) \| [bio](bio.html) \| [publications](publications.html) \| [talks](talks.html) \| [service](service.html) \| [etc](etc.html)

## Conference Program Committee (PC)
### Organizer 
  - [MathWorks Research Summit](https://www.mathworks.com/videos/series/mathworks-research-summit.html), Boston: 2017-, Tokyo: 2016-

### Currently or Recently on PC
  - **Artifact Evaluation Chair**, [Formal Modeling and Analysis of Timed Systems (FORMATS) 2022](https://conferences.ncl.ac.uk/formats2022/)
  - [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim)](https://scs.org/annsim/), new conference that merges SpringSim and SummerSim conferences, 2021-
  - [Formal Methods (FM)](http://www.fmeurope.org/symposia/), 2021-
  - [Multi-Paradigm Modeling for Cyber-Physical Systems (MPM4CPS)](https://msdl.uantwerpen.be/conferences/MPM4CPS/2020/), 2020-
  - [Hybrid Systems: Computation and Control (HSCC)](http://www.hscc-conference.org/), 2016-2019, **_Awards Chair: 2018_**, **_Poster and Demo Chair: 2017_**, _Repeatability Evaluation Committee: 2014_
  - [International Conference on Cyber-Physical Systems (ICCPS)](https://iccps.acm.org/), 2020-, 2015
  - IFAC Conference on Analysis and Design of Hybrid Systems (ADHS), 2015 -, **_Industry Vice Chair: 2018_**
  - [Winter Simulation Conference (WinterSim)](http://meetings2.informs.org/wordpress/wsc2019/), 2017- , **_CPS Track Chair: 2017_**
  - [International Conference on Informatics in Control Automation and Robotics (ICINCO)](http://www.icinco.org/), 2020, 2017-2018
  - Workshop on Monitoring and Testing of Cyber-Physical Systems (MT-CPS), 2019-, **_PC Chair: [2019](https://sites.google.com/berkeley.edu/mt-cps2019)_**
  - Workshop on Formal Co-Simulation of Cyber-Physical Systems (CoSim-CPS), 2017- 
  - Workshop on Numerical Software Verification Workshop (NSV), 2018-2019 

### Past
  - Workshop on [Computational Intelligence Techniques for Testing and Validating Complex CPSs (CITest_CPS 2017)](http://paris.utdallas.edu/CITest_CPS17)  
  
  - [Spring Simulation Conference (SpringSim)](http://scs.org/springsim/), 2014-2020, **_CPS Track Chair: 2020, 2019_**. See [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim)](https://scs.org/annsim/) starting 2021.
  - [Summer Simulation Conference (SummerSim)](http://www.scs.org/summersim), 2014-2020. See [Annual Modeling and Simulation Conference (AnnSim)](https://scs.org/annsim/) starting 2021.
  
## PhD Thesis Committee
- *Yi Deng*, ECSE Department, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 
  - \[**Title**: *The Application of Trajectory-Based Analysis for Hybrid Systems.* \| **Advisor**: [Prof. A. Agung Julius](https://www.ecse.rpi.edu/homepages/agung/) \| [Thesis](http://digitool.rpi.edu:8881/R/Q7XRLHP737DNTBGS3YH8M9DPXMLHDTXV5QV63VM11NES8FQFQ2-01342?func=dbin-jump-full&object_id=176756&local_base=GEN01&pds_handle=GUEST)\]

## Industry Advisory Boards
- **User Committee Member**, [Dutch Research Councli (NWO)](https://www.nwo.nl/en), Domain Applied and Engineering Sciences, Veni grant titled "CODEC: Correct-by-design Estimation and Control of partially observable stochastic systems," [Sofie Haessert](https://www.sofiehaesaert.com/), Principal Investigator.
- **Industry Advisory Board Member**, [MIT Climate & Sustainability Consortium](https://impactclimate.mit.edu/mathworks/), January 2021 - 
- **Industry Advisory Committee Member**, Autonomous Systems Specialization Coursework in [Robotics Engineering](https://www.wpi.edu/academics/departments/robotics-engineering), [Worcester Polytechnic Institute](https://www.wpi.edu/).
- **Industry Vice Chair**, [IFAC Conference on Analysis and Design of Hybrid Systems (ADHS) 2018](http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/conferences/ADHS18/)
- **Industry Advisory Board Member**, [IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS) 2018](http://www.iscas2018.org/)

## Editorial 
- Technology Conferences Editorial Board (TCEB) Member, IEEE Control Systems Society, 2020-23 
- Editorial Advisory Board Member, [Resilience in Cyber-Physical Systems: From Risk Modelling to Threat Counteraction](https://www.springer.com/gp/book/9783319955964), F. Flammini (Ed.), Springer Book in the Series [Advanced Sciences and Technologies for Security Applications](https://www.springer.com/series/5540?detailsPage=titles), A. J. Masys (Series Ed.)
- Editor, [EGO Insider's Guide](http://www.ece.cmu.edu/~ego/files/insiders/guide2012.pdf), [ECE Graduate Organization (EGO)](https://www.ece.cmu.edu/~ego/), Carnegie Mellon University, 2010-2012.

## Technical and Professional Committees
- Selected on the [ACM Global Practitioner Advisory Community (ACM GPAC)](https://www.acm.org/education/gpac), consisting of 100 computing practitioners worldwide who will guide ACM in enhancing and developing practitioner-oriented resources.
- Member of the [IEEE Technical Committee on Homeland Security](http://www.ieeesmc.org/technical-activities/systems-science-and-engineering/homeland-security)

## Judge
- "*CPS V&V Grand Prix,*", Final Project Competition for the Course 15-424/15-624/15-824 Foundations of Cyber-Physical Systems, Carnegie Mellon University. **Host**: [Prof. Andre' Platzer](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/). 
  - \[[Competition](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps17-competition.html) \| [Course](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps17.html)\], May 2017
  - \[[Competition](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps16-competition.html) \| [Course](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~aplatzer/course/fcps16.html)\], May 2016


## Teaching Assistantship
- 18-474: Embedded Control Systems, Electrical and Computer Engineering Department, Carnegie Mellon University 
  - \[Spring 2011 \| Spring 2010\]
- MATH 114: Calculus II, Mathematics Department, University of Pennsylvania
  - \[Spring 2008 \| Fall 2007\]
- ESE 210: Introduction to Dynamic Systems, Electrical and Systems Engineering Department, University of Pennsylvania, Spring 2007.
- ESE 301: Introduction to Probability, Electrical and Systems Engineering Department, University of Pennsylvania, Fall 2006.
- (Grader) OPIM 101: Introduction to Computer as an Analysis Tool, Operations and Information Management Department, (now called the Operations, Information and Decisions Department), Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, Spring 2006.

## Other Voluntary Instruction
- 2009: Volunteer Instructor, [Summer Engineering Experience for Girls (SEE)](https://www.cmu.edu/ices/outreach/see/), Carnegie Mellon University.
- 2002: Volunteer Instructor, Social Educational Activity by [IEEE Bombay Section](http://ieeebombay.org), **_Topic_**: *Mobile Communications*.
